# CSS465-Full-Stack-Development
  Express HTML was used to begin the front end and with it comes the basis for our HTML links and then from there it gives us the static webpage. Then when we look at JavaScript which is used throughout the front-end application, it connects all the pieces together. Then, with the SPA that is used to basically make it all run better, and faster. It will also allow the user to have a much more friendly approach and build. The backend uses a NoSQL MongoDB database because that is how the data is stored when it comes to our trips. We are allowing the user to search the database so that they can find and book trips through the database.
  JSON is a text format that allows for storing and transporting data. This is different from JavaScript which is used to give the connections and life to the entire application. They are used in different ways while JSON allows data to move and the pieces of each side to interact, JavaScript can give interactions across each side. I know when we made the SPA, we were refactoring the Express HTML to make it into a much simpler and sleek design for the website. Then we would go back especially with the changes that we made to the guide packet, and we would change things that would allow our website to run better. Then we would copy files from other places and almost rebuild them in new parts across the folder.
  Methods are the way that the applications are run. This allows for the program to search, update, modify, and delete various pieces of the program. Another style is the CRUD method which is used with our main methods of GET POST PUT and DELETE. These are the ways that each piece is created and changed by the program underneath These are the methods of how they run. Endpoints are the places that the program is ended or reaches its outer limit. There are some pieces of the program that only have one way in, and they just end afterwords. Then there are some pieces that will move to other classes across the program as well. Then when we talk about security. There must be user roles assigned to each of the users of the program. Then from there we look at each piece of the program and make sure that each of the pieces of the program are locked down and layered. Then we make sure that everything will allow users to access where they need to access. Then when we are there, it also must be made sure that certain types of attacks from would be hackers are covered and make sure the program has checks for any type of injection attack or flooding attack.
  This course has helped me with my goals because I have always been curious about websites and how they work. I have also done some research into building them before this class. I had wanted to know how to make clones like Facebook, YouTube, or Netflix. Then I would get stuck because I would have no idea about JavaScript or Node.js. I learned some but never really felt confident enough to build a website. Then when this is finished, I feel much more confident and more secure in my understanding of this. I feel like I could use a lot more experience, but I feel like this is a good starting point. I feel that I have learned how to problem solve better with this course. I feel that I have learned how to build applications and to see how all the front- end and back-end are all connected. I got to see how the entire process and everything that I have learned over the course of the last 3 years has come together. I am not brave enough to say I have mastered any of these skills because I feel like I have a long way to go but I feel like I have developed as a coder and a developer. I have also grown in my desire to learn more. 
